feat: add clarification when no indicative price (#1953)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0044-LIME-lp_mechanics.md

(1.0-market.liquidity.priceRange) x min(last trade price, indicative uncrossing price) <=  price levels <= (1.0+market.liquidity.priceRange) x max(last trade price, indicative uncrossing price).
```

> If there is no 'indicative uncrossing price' then any price should count, and the price range should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no 'indicative uncrossing price' then volume placed at any price should count towards the LP's commitment i.e the price range is interpreted as
```
